For Homework 5, the WNBA data retrieved from 'Basketball Reference' website was manually scraped into a google spreadsheet and further exported into a csv file. The website contains the 2024 WNBA stats of all the players in the league, and contains different variables to depict various aspects of the stats such as three point percentages, field goal percentages, current team, minutes per game, etc. I extracted the 'basic stats' provided on the website to help me uncover a widespread amount of data. Also, on the site, it mentions important accomplishments given to WNBA playerssuch as 'MVP' or 'PPG Leader'. Also, before I started extracting the data, I had to remove the duplicate rows and columns in order for it to import properly. 

Firstly, I imported the four necessary packages for this data analysis and imported the dataset with the read_csv function: 
library(ggplot2), library(readr), library(dplyr), library(knitr)

For the first question, I created another dataframe that captured the different players, their minutes played total, and their three point percentages. This way, it is easier to visualize the specific variables we will analyze in the following quesitons. Moving on, the first graph displays the distribution of three-point shooting percentages of the WNBA players, and showing how many of thoseplayers have those specific percentages. For the summary statistics of the three point percentages, used the summary() variable that calculated the mean, standard deviation, median, and range of the numbers. The graph that displayed the frequency was a histogram containing continuous data. The second scatterplot displays the relationship between minutes played by each player and their three-point percentage. 

(Instructions to reproduce the result)
Specifically, I chose Lindsay Allen's statistics to represent
a point on the plot. According to the linear regression line, the positive correlation shows that players who average more minutes on the 
court tend to have higher shooting percentage numbers. In order to reproduce my results, one would have to add me for collaboration to grant access to both my CSV and the RMD file as provided in the 'Homework 5' Repository and make edits in the RMD file to view the results in real time. Then, create a branch in my repository and make edits to my file. After, make a pull request and have them accept and merge. Lastly, push the changes to my repo.
